Piás Films
The Day of Summonation
We Great Parkers will fly staring about
We will be the ones finding the far church
Far away from 그러니까
Thai keys
Tome of the devotion
We will shine with the light of the sun
We will win, we will win, we will win
We will be proud of our country
We will build a great land
We will not give up our land
The shadow of the people's hearts
Shines in the bright sky
We will win, we will win, we will win
The shadow of the people's hearts
Shines in the bright sky
We will be proud of our country
The shadow of the people's hearts
Shines in the bright sky
We will be proud of our country
We will win, we will win, we will win